network.md doc - added wifi example with caveat (#1719)
home-assistant/operating-system: Documentation/network.md

Home Assistant OS will recreate the default connection profile during boot.

### Enabling WiFi

> WiFi is discouraged for security reasons, however if you're still in the testing phase or need to get started before adding adequate additional security, you can us the `ha` command (this command tested on a RaspberryPI 4, but will work in many scenarios):

Reviewer: The bigger reason it is discouraged is reliability, IMHO.

```suggestion
WiFi is discouraged for reliability reasons. However if you're still like to use WiFi, you can us the `ha network` command to set up WiFi (example for a Raspberry Pi 4, check `ha network info` to check if your board supports WiFi and the name of the WiFi device):
```
